so in other words of Charlie's going the
support elbow elbow knee knee knee come
over here Tom elbow or whatever and he
can just mix it up and then you get to
three people moving around and for you
naysayers out there of course you can
fucking fight back that would be another
level of it this is just giving you the
first initial glimpse of basic training
the art sizable job ok now let's go slow
this time it's like sixty percent speed
because there's a lot of shit to
remember and then as you feel
comfortable let's go ahead and speed it
up some pretty good job guys out there
now both Josh and Charlie and take a
break for a second what any shoes to
stay focused stay focused the foot you
got to know what you got to do now you
got to be there for your partner and
Charlie just attack like a crazy man
rocket
time stay focused a book come on awesome
so thank you josh thank you Charlie
dad's uh it's nice beginning to our
focus with drills and training and
taking another look at the art science
book chart will be adding these as we go
on see